Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Christopher Freeman: I'm here. Can you hear me.
Christopher Freeman: Yes. Hi there. How are you
Serenna Beers: Good, good. Um,
Serenna Beers: So we, we need to get your bio psychosocial done and I really quick before we start, I just want to double check to see
Serenna Beers: If they have me scheduled as your therapist and the reason why is because I don't want to speak out of turn I have done that a couple of times already on accident and I don't want to say I'm your
Serenna Beers: I'm your therapist if I'm just supposed to do your assessments. Let me just double check real quick. Okay. Yes, I am your therapist.
Serenna Beers: That's really embarrassing, especially when you get to know someone and then you realize, as you're speaking with them and you go to set them up for a follow up and you realize you're not their therapist.
Serenna Beers: I didn't want to start off on the wrong foot. So
Serenna Beers: We are here to do your bio psychosocial and that's. Have you ever done that.
Serenna Beers: Have you ever done an assessment like that. Okay.
Christopher Freeman: It's just basically Oh maybe I don't know what it is. So,
Serenna Beers: Okay, so I asked you, like a not not a bunch of questions. It takes about 20 to 25 minutes and I basically get kind of a snapshot of who you are.
Serenna Beers: What brought you to bright heart health, and just your background any history with substance abuse chronic pain, mental health, what grown, you know, family life, your environment and stuff like that. Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, so if you don't mind. We will just get started by just why don't you just share with me what brought brought you to bright, bright heart health, and why now.
Christopher Freeman: Um, what brought me there was I'm loving, kind of had this long going
Christopher Freeman: Back and forth struggle with opiates since I my neck and my doctor put me on. I mean, you just kept me strong out. You put me on about four or five different heavy hitters go on it and more console Peyton
Christopher Freeman: Moxie and
Christopher Freeman: Some somebody go with that and can travel at all and but I think he had met me. I met it down by the time know that with all that said, all together. He never took anything away.
Christopher Freeman: Wow. And then they like that was just like, good to go for like seven years straight. He just sort of danced around these issues in my back and never really got anything done. And then, uh,
Christopher Freeman: The one day is to people that didn't work. There's my doctor's office. I was there. They were testing the urine testing everybody and there's
Christopher Freeman: Like they got in trouble. There was
Christopher Freeman: Wow. Yeah. I drove for something and then they just went through and they didn't have the right amount of them. The pills in my system.
Christopher Freeman: Down so they they said job. See you later.
Christopher Freeman: I feel my morphine one time and said,
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christopher Freeman: So I just left.
Christopher Freeman: Is a raging junkie. I didn't know what to do. I didn't know heroin. I didn't want to do hairline know heroin. Was I just did the toe game around heroin is like recently.
Serenna Beers: Where that's where you at,
Now,
Christopher Freeman: That went on, then that kind of a see ruined first marriage.
Serenna Beers: Make sense. Right. Yeah.
Christopher Freeman: I
Christopher Freeman: Pretty much stabilize with a different doctor, lot less medication and then got rid of him to after a while, moved. Moved out of area and then I
Christopher Freeman: Want to go find the Methadone clinic in Modesto what I moved closer like kids. So then down here. I didn't, I just was looking around, I know this is methadone clinic and
Christopher Freeman: I checked it out and they does ages and as I said I was there for about three years. And I got, I can't go there every day, my, my legs shot back shot.
Christopher Freeman: They um it's too much back and forth going to ride my bicycle everywhere. And it was just too much of a big hassle to go there with all the people that stuff all the time.
Christopher Freeman: So I just started trying to find something different. I completely wean myself off of ages down to one milligram of methadone per day and I just walked out of there. And I started anxiety.
Christopher Freeman: And I stayed pretty clean for about three or four months and and I just, this is like nagging like underlying pain and nagging you know for opiates is kind of just flooding back to smoking heroin, a little here and there and that turned into smoking heroin every day and
Christopher Freeman: So now I need to curb that before it gets way out of hand. It's a good I know my my times is there's there's no limit to went on. It's like a can just go as high as it can go. I just, I don't want to get anywhere in here like what I was
Serenna Beers: Yeah. Wow.
And
Christopher Freeman: I start waking up sick again and I got Jesus, I gotta do something. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so what are you on now. Like this. So are you established with our doctor, I saw that you see Dr. Jackson. So what does she have you on now.
Christopher Freeman: To today.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Awesome. Okay. And how is that working
Christopher Freeman: It's um it was a little much at first one is fine. Now, it was pretty good for this. I can't take anymore.
Serenna Beers: Yeah.
Christopher Freeman: Fall Asleep over
Serenna Beers: Well, I just noticed. And that's the reason that I asked is, like, how long because I noticed that you that that your eyelids were kind of doing this they imagine that you're adjusting which I wanted to ask
Christopher Freeman: That was, that was, she was really
Christopher Freeman: Focused on pain to
Christopher Freeman: Taking care of pain to send. So that was it kind of makes it a different approach for me, like, like, which we're going to go like and via an ag being treated or am I going to actually get my painting care of a little bit. So with the painting here a little bit. I mean it.
Christopher Freeman: feels, it feels nice. I mean, I have heard, for I have a couple of slip disc in my neck and gnosis in my neck and it, it hurts, all the time. So,
Serenna Beers: Oh God, this
Christopher Freeman: Wave of it once in a while.
Serenna Beers: What is your, what is your daily like so what is your baseline pain.
Christopher Freeman: Baseline without anything is probably the seven eight. It can be more
Christopher Freeman: It can be off the chain, it can be like if I did something strenuous or twisted funny. I can be end up for a couple days, but usually it's about if I don't, before I take anything I wake up at about seven
Christopher Freeman: Rather annoyed.
Christopher Freeman: And irritated and in a bad mood with it. It's just like, it's like someone drilling.
Christopher Freeman: Something that my neck. Oh.
Gosh.
Serenna Beers: Oh, that that's the
Christopher Freeman: End of my shoulder blades.
Serenna Beers: Um, so do you. Well, I, I assume that you you attend a week, a weekly group. When is that, you know, like how you do a pain management group or
Yeah.
Christopher Freeman: It's, um, I'm not sure. I went to. I went to the first one and
Christopher Freeman: I can tell you it was just
Christopher Freeman: We just talked about stuff we do a little art exercise.
Christopher Freeman: And it's every Thursday. I know that every Thursday. You're every other
Christopher Freeman: Every other week.
Serenna Beers: Do you know, D. Do you know who the physician is
Serenna Beers: No. Okay, I just wonder, because I'm trying to think if you're in my groups or not. And I don't remember seeing your face, because I do a Thursday 4pm group. But if yours is every other week, then I don't think it's the same one. So,
Serenna Beers: In any case,
Christopher Freeman: The first one is rough to get ahead of the
Christopher Freeman: Date wrong so
Serenna Beers: Ah, okay, well maybe then. So tell me a little bit about. So you said with your chronic pain. Wait a minute. So I'm a backup. So a really didn't start the opiate started because of chronic pain right
Serenna Beers: So you didn't just get addicted to drugs. So when the opiates started
Christopher Freeman: I had never even touched him until I
Was 30
Serenna Beers: Yeah yeah
Serenna Beers: You never Touch it. Touch them until you until you were hurt right
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Hello, I think that you froze on me.
Serenna Beers: Hello.
Christopher Freeman: Hello.
Serenna Beers: Are you there their yards.
Serenna Beers: All of a sudden your face froze.
Christopher Freeman: And I kept saying years
Serenna Beers: Oh wow I you know what's funny, I
Serenna Beers: Zoom is so funny because I, and I'm sure this is happened with me. But some of the funniest faces occur when there's a zoom freeze. It's so funny. So
Christopher Freeman: Oh yeah, I'm sure.
Serenna Beers: You
Serenna Beers: probably notice, is it, am I
Serenna Beers: Can you see
Your free
Serenna Beers: Let me see.
Christopher Freeman: Not good.
Serenna Beers: Hello, I'm frozen.
Christopher Freeman: Hear you, okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well. Yes, I can hear you. So he
Serenna Beers: Yes, I can hear you.
Christopher Freeman: I can hear you.
Serenna Beers: Okay, I chose me as I've got a good connection. So I don't know.
Serenna Beers: Tell me about. So your story. I, I, I know your substances.
Serenna Beers: Huh.
Christopher Freeman: Anyway,
Serenna Beers: Oh,
Serenna Beers: So tell me, if you've ever saw any other treatment treat treatment besides bright heart health. Are we the first place where you've ever tried to
Christopher Freeman: Get help with pain management.
Christopher Freeman: With payer with ages for three and a half years.
Christopher Freeman: Okay methadone clinic.
Serenna Beers: So other than that, that and then here, right.
Christopher Freeman: Yeah. And I've always had a doctor that's treated me with a little pills.
Serenna Beers: What about tell me about. Have you ever had any history of SI or HIV ever wanted to harm yourself or anyone else.
No.
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, and these are questions and I hate it. I apologize if they sell and intrusive, but I it's part of it. I got to ask them.
Serenna Beers: Tell me what grow growing up was like, like what your family life was like, specifically, if you were raised by both parents if you were adopted, if you have brothers and sisters
Christopher Freeman: This way, it gives me a good job because downpour down and I'm I can't get my kids like the same growing up that I had my own
Christopher Freeman: I
Christopher Freeman: Grew up with a brother who's two years older than me. And then we get a prize adopted a daughter or sister. I guess she she was
Christopher Freeman: She's
Serenna Beers: Are you you're frozen.
Serenna Beers: Can you hear me.
Serenna Beers: Hello.
I
Christopher Freeman: Had a brother and a sister that I'm that I was really close with my brother, not so much like when we got here, but we got older closer than but um and my dad is a contractor.
Christopher Freeman: And I grew up with my my grandpa's a
Christopher Freeman: Gold Carpenter Kevin maker. My mom's house painting and my grandmas. My grandparents and my mom's, you know, they're also an animal rescue people. And they like to take care of, like, injured birds and
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
My grandmother
Christopher Freeman: My grandmother had a nursery that um she was raised plan. So it's just my grandpa filters across the street. So she get up the house, but once I got a few other things you start doing animals and you want to building
Christopher Freeman: A big old buildings that they actually released out half of it to the head start kindergarten place.
Christopher Freeman: Them. My grandmother had the other half was a big old pet store the store and I grew up in there taking care of fish and beaten hamster model car there is every single like model airplane that those little plastic kids, she
Christopher Freeman: Had all that stuff.
Christopher Freeman: Then we got into the rockets me my brother.
Christopher Freeman: Every hobby. You can think of in there besides remote control stuff that didn't come till later.
Christopher Freeman: And then
Christopher Freeman: To add my brother, nice to read 104 Wheeler is right out down there, the canal bank after school, and we take it because
Then she progress in addition
Christopher Freeman: To our stuff now. Nowadays I feel my son is stuck on video games and
Serenna Beers: It's this era. Right.
Christopher Freeman: But I had a pretty fortunate childhood.
Christopher Freeman: Like my dad was a pain in the button everything and I really didn't have any problems with my parents until I was later on in my 30s. It was business problems we partnered up and we had a granite shop later on. And that's really what hurt my neck.
Christopher Freeman: Was
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so I assume that you don't work now.
Serenna Beers: Oh goodness gracious.
Christopher Freeman: I have the latest thing is going on, as I have, um, aside from all the neck pain and everything, which was only it was not quite debilitating. I can still move around and I can still go good
Christopher Freeman: It's on the lower half, you know, my leg still worked. I could stand and do something.
Christopher Freeman: I got cat scratch fever. About three years ago, two years ago.
Christopher Freeman: And I was hospitalized for eight days.
Oh my goodness.
Christopher Freeman: Kidneys shut down and I almost dying my legs.
Christopher Freeman: And the backlink arm as
Christopher Freeman: Much this liquefied
Christopher Freeman: I that was, that was good. It was nasty. I swear to God, I thought it was dead.
Christopher Freeman: Property and my right.
Christopher Freeman: Really bad and I can't. It's like you can't really walk on it.
Christopher Freeman: It hurts.
Christopher Freeman: And it burns itches. I have. You can see my legs are all puffed up and swelled up and read and I don't think I've actually like cigarettes. Right now it's like the scars. Let's go for that. You can see that that scar down in my tissue. Like it's brown
Serenna Beers: Oh my gosh.
Serenna Beers: Wow.
Christopher Freeman: So, yeah.
Christopher Freeman: Anyway, you can see that in that camera, but I can't really see what I'm looking at.
Christopher Freeman: Friday. My nerves off on my feet and might be are steadily going south and it's that's rather frightening.
Wow.
Serenna Beers: So,
Serenna Beers: That's huge.
Christopher Freeman: Yeah, so my daddy's got diagnosed with that and so much. Others testing, whatever, and
Christopher Freeman: Actually my doctor doctor right um
Christopher Freeman: What doesn't see that once they're gonna call me here on this phone like one 130
Serenna Beers: Okay, well, I have another session at one. So, I promise that you will be able to
Serenna Beers: Imagine that.
Serenna Beers: So what about did
Serenna Beers: Did anybody else in your in your home life you know mom or dad or brother or anybody struggle with mental health or substance abuse.
Christopher Freeman: Well, think so.
Serenna Beers: Okay, what about any in any other type of
Christopher Freeman: Know,
Serenna Beers: What about anybody struggle with like gambling or shopping or work addiction any other type of stuff like that at all.
Christopher Freeman: No parents really
Christopher Freeman: really struggle with them.
Christopher Freeman: diction to acknowledge the things
Christopher Freeman: My parents were
Christopher Freeman: There it was always, you know, they're not that they're not this or that. I mean anything. I just my mom's a horse attic.
Christopher Freeman: And I can go
Christopher Freeman: Either way, that's, yeah, maybe a really good habit.
Serenna Beers: Yeah. All right, what about tell me what school. School was like for you. Did you go all the way through school and graduate. Did you go on to college did you
Serenna Beers: Struggle with any learning disabilities at all ever
Know,
Christopher Freeman: I pretty much just had a good time in high school.
Um,
Christopher Freeman: got done with some stuff early
Christopher Freeman: Like mine credits so I could have auto shop in welding pretty much after lunch here the whole yeah
Christopher Freeman: So I didn't have to go really back to school after lunch that I did. And that's why I'm sort of I'm smoking weed though that's
Christopher Freeman: High school year senior year.
Christopher Freeman: That I'm
Christopher Freeman: It died.
Christopher Freeman: As I
Christopher Freeman: Went to Butte Colorado for a couple years, and I just started working with my dad and party and she go over there. It's like a 20 minute drive or the Backward. Backward grew up so
Christopher Freeman: Just
Christopher Freeman: For
Christopher Freeman: Forever and that's where my wife and you
Christopher Freeman: Know, pretty good time back to willows, for some reason.
Serenna Beers: That's done
Christopher Freeman: For a while, okay.
Serenna Beers: Well, that's good. What about um
Serenna Beers: Was there anything that stood out to you, growing up either in school or in your name. I like in any type of childhood memory that really stands out.
Serenna Beers: Can You Hear, hear me.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Serenna Beers: Oh, goodness. So I'm not sure if we're going to be able to finish, but there was, alas, there was a couple of questions that he wasn't able to finish and they were asking him. Oh, hey, I was just transcribing
Serenna Beers: Me yeah okay so
Serenna Beers: Um, yes. So I asked you. Hello.
Serenna Beers: Are you there.
Christopher Freeman: She's frozen.
Christopher Freeman: Mr. Freeman, I can call you.
Serenna Beers: Hello.
Are you there.
Christopher Freeman: Can you still hear me. Yeah, I'm here.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christopher Freeman: So, so really quickly, all I need to know
Serenna Beers: I can tell what's going on.
Serenna Beers: Sorry, I don't know what is going on because it looks like on my end. It says, My connection is good, but that doesn't always mean anything. So
Christopher Freeman: They do these you seen your face to face us out on you.
Serenna Beers: Was it hilarious.
Christopher Freeman: Funny.
Serenna Beers: Oh, I love it. Okay.
Christopher Freeman: Smile, anything you
Christopher Freeman: See I'm
Serenna Beers: Do I look just pissed off or something.
Serenna Beers: So funny.
Christopher Freeman: We kind of up look
Serenna Beers: Have you ever served in the military.
Christopher Freeman: No.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And then, do you have any financial or legal issues that you're concerned about
Christopher Freeman: Other than being broke no
Serenna Beers: Okay. And are you in a relationship currently
Serenna Beers: No. And who do you live with.
Christopher Freeman: My son, okay.
Serenna Beers: So, do you just have the one son, or do you have any other kids.
Christopher Freeman: older daughter that she loses her friends.
Serenna Beers: Okay, do the different house.
Christopher Freeman: Okay, and I live in a trailer park so it's not really big enough for an 18 year old girl that can
Christopher Freeman: Put me to the ground, if you want to. Sure.
Serenna Beers: OK, and then really quick quickly to just let me know. Something that that you would like to work on.
Serenna Beers: You know, if there's a certain skills. You want to get better with time management, you want to learn some relapse prevention skills, some skills to deal with anxiety. Just, just something that you feel like you could
Serenna Beers: Use
Serenna Beers: Something. Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Christopher Freeman: Get him to carry with what I have to get done.
Serenna Beers: Okay, so what about we meet again on the 13th. Does that sound like a plan.
Serenna Beers: Can you do the
Serenna Beers: Hmm. Are you there.
Serenna Beers: I think I lost you. Again, I did.
Serenna Beers: Hi.
Christopher Freeman: Back.
Serenna Beers: So can we meet again. On May 13 and, if so,
Serenna Beers: What is a good time for you.
Serenna Beers: Can you do may 13 at 1230
Serenna Beers: Chris, I'm going to chat with you. Let's see.
Serenna Beers: Can you do may 13 at 12:30pm
Serenna Beers: Look at your chat in case we freeze again.
Serenna Beers: You have a little
Serenna Beers: Down there and and I asked if you if you if you and I could meet again. On May 13 at 1230 for a follow up.
Does that work for you.
Serenna Beers: Every two weeks.
Serenna Beers: Is
Christopher Freeman: Is that okay may 13
Christopher Freeman: Yeah, there was a time
Serenna Beers: At 12:30pm
Serenna Beers: And I'll follow up with you then and we will discuss how things are going and and I just want to see you, you know, twice a month just maybe for the first month and then let's let's see where you are and if we
Serenna Beers: And then if you want to move it up to once a month, I just need to make sure I stay in compliance with what the standards are of the BH and they're asking me to meet with you twice a month.
Serenna Beers: Okay, okay.
Christopher Freeman: Fine.
Serenna Beers: Okay, cool. Well, then I will see you on May 13 sir at 1230 and until then. I hope you stay safe and stay stay well. Okay.
Christopher Freeman: You do.
Christopher Freeman: Okay, good day.
Serenna Beers: Bye bye.
Bye.